the spinning top of colors
materials
ruler
colored cards
corrugated cardboard
short pencil
compass
scissors
Preparation
draw a circle with a diameter of about 10 centimeters on the corrugated cardboard
draw a circle of the same diameter, sound of cardboard
for cuts to the blind
dvd each disc in three sectors
equal air italy elite
pastes a sector by color and on the ungulate tax
put the pencil in the middle of the biscuit and the top is ready
let the servant's spinning top quickly vote
the three colors mix and a whitish color appears in their place
white light actually consists of many colors that you observe in a
rainbow
the top mixes with light reflected from different colors
and reflects the whitish light